When I started to build this website, I just got an idea of creating something good for the type of new store which is called Magnum and founded 2021. The website contains 5 pages which are Home, About, Products, News, and Contact. In the first page which is Home, there are given some brief information about what kind of products, it sells, features which vary than other stores, and main branches. The next page, About, shares the information about history of the store, specifically, when it started working in our country, how many people are employed until now, and the quality of their service, and mainly describing purpose of the company by providing intention to change family environments with their product. Product section includes what kind of products they sell and the facilities which differentiate from other stores in Uzbekistan. For the News page, only one and most important thing about store is Magnum Club card which gives open path to customers by discounts, providing bonuses, and participating prize - winning games with its membership and comment section for your thoughts. The last section is Contact, the location of branches and the main contact information, such as, official phone number, email address, main branch. Overall, this website’s purpose is showing customers from what kind of store they are purchasing, making sure they can have good shopping atmosphere, with what desire the store was opened and news about what is going on and what changes are being made.

